See you in a pinch
It is Jun Ayase replaced with the birth
It is Hirose people today starting lineup
Speaking of over, it is
Hey, since you often me that there still
Harpo Hirose basking in a good mood
I wonder if I can catch this birthday
Whether that person Ohiro Hirose can catch so much
ee 8 e
It's a German roundabout
I can't break the start I think if there is a ball
What does it but that very this change-up I'm stable this year
There I think I do not feel the movie speed
That's right
Yes I think you are when you also meet with the good if more about horse
I want you to
Straight ahead now is 144 a
If you don't throw it , the stripes won't be safe.
Ah ah ah ah
It becomes a situation Yes
Masu there Tei
I lost points but I am not good at it and calmly hit it and Ishihara
Hmm
It is big that Tani Shigeru was told straight to want delicious 2 to become district, but can pass
And Third Golo
Since there Do not there here it goes fielding lightly
But even if there is a force
Rise really a
0.4
If you want to make a game, yes , you can make savings by increasing the number of benches on the side.
It is a child Omuta Taka announcer
It is off batter
The Ano straight a little is so Ne was kept first if had more than
I have done it
After that change ball Well that dream did not come true, but until the rest comes back
As encounter is strong in pitcher
Push straight to steal pearl 3d blue stripe
Masu Re Tei
You're here
It was straight 148 now, but it turns
Play dai te
Better was